So next, let's add this here, which is going to be the description of the weather that day.
But he also noticed we have something here, we have this background kind of pill like widget.
And then on top of that, we have the text.
So how do we get that to work right to make it look like this?
Well, it's a symbol.
Again, we're going to use our good friend surface are wonderful.
It's always it's always the best canvas or the best widget really to use because it allows us to do
all sorts of things, as you see here.
All right.
So I'm going to say surface, and let's put a modifier real quick.
Of course, what's new out of padding here?
And let's see.
Well, I just want to zero dpi for now.
OK, that's OK.
We can change that, of course, whenever we need to.
OK, let's put a shape, because that is the central centerpiece.
Just add a circle shape.
I don't need to modify anything.
Kind to give it a color.
And for Carla, I'm going to use a hex again, my favorite like that.
It looks good.
And that's about it, all I need to do now is put a text inside of it and I'm going to use the whether
object.
Go to weather and then get the first that I get and go to get description.
Right.
And pass a modifier.
When he gives a padding by for deep and let's add his style while we here as well.
Good material, theme typography and ad caption like this?
OK.
Let's see.
OK, there we go.
All right, we see we have a Wednesday, we have the icon there, the image.
And we have scattered clouds.
Very good, depending on where we are.
And remember, we can always go back and change the city.
Let's say.
Maputo, hopefully that works.
All right, Maputo, Mozambique.
Look at that 86 degrees.
That's really nice and well looking.
Really good.
Just like what we have here.
All right.
What's next?
Yes.
Next, we're going to add these highs and lows.
OK, let's go ahead and do that.
Now, for our highs and lows here, we could have done just add, you know, two separate techs.
That's sort of fine.
But because we know the power of compose, there is this text that we can pass a an annotated string,
which allows us to create annotated strings, which means pieces of strings that we can change independently,
the color, the sizes and so forth.
Right.
So that's what we're going to do.
And it's really convenient for us because notice here for the high, we have a different color, for
the low.
We also have different colors, so to kill two birds with one stone, and that is a very aggressive
way of putting it.
But it works.
We're just going to use that annotated string because it's just easier.
All right.
So that means after our text there, I'm going to say text.
And you can see the difference here, we have the normal tax and we have the text that says annotated
string, which is exactly what we're going to be using.
So I'm going to use the build annotated string.
There's a lambda there, very convenient.
And they're inside.
I'm going to start annotating it.
So I use the width style passing this style for the first string.
So when I say style, I'm going to expand style, which allows us to do all sorts of things.
First one is going to be the color I'm going to pass.
Would say color, I want blue, and I'm going to tweak it a little bit.
Change the alpha to be 0.75 seven seven f like this?
OK?
And next, let's say font weight.
Say, say my bold.
That's fine.
All right.
This is also a lambda trailing lambda, this is where we actually add the the text well, in this case,
the data that we wanted to.
Annotate, so I'm going to say Append.
Look at that.
Can I paint a char text and so forth?
I can even a paint another annotated string.
How convenient?
Right?
In this case, here I'm going to annotate white.
Well, I need to go and get the max temp right.
How do I do that?
If you look at the object, you see, we have temp de minimax.
I want to go and get Max, so it's under the temp object.
OK, so as you can see, once you have data, you can do whatever you want with the user interface.
So I'm going to use the format decimal because I need that and I'm going to pass the weather.
Go to temp object and get the Max.
And as always, I'm going to append.
I believe it was shift to zero.
No, that's not all.
There we go.
Zero like that.
The degree.
All right.
Very well, and I'm going to do the same thing right after our lambada here.
I'm going to use the with style again has this style.
It's going to be a spann's style.
I say collar.
Well, this case is going to be color
and then forget Lambda.
This is what I'm going to hand the text.
I'm going to format decimals and I'm going to pass a weather temp.
Men like this?
And do the same thing.
Well, option zero, there we go.
All right.
Let's go ahead and take a look.
And there you have it.
All right.
It's looking pretty much exactly like what we have here.
So as it is right now, we could stop here and call it good because it looks great and we get all the
information we need.
Although everything is mechanical here, meaning that we always have to go and change manually.
The city, which is not convenient, especially if you are shipping this app right?
People don't have the code to come in and change the city, so we need to find ways in which we can
actually allow users to add in the text.
In this case, the city.
But nonetheless, it's working perfectly and it's great.